docs: adding ABCI error information (#3072)
cometbft/cometbft: spec/abci/abci++_basic_concepts.md

}
```

## Returning Errors

[&#8593; Back to Outline](#outline)

Please note that the method signature for the ABCI methods includes a response and an error return, such as
`(*abcitypes.[Method_Name]Response, error)`.

### ABCI response error codes (e.g. `Code` and `Codespace`)

Some of the ABCI methods' responses feature a field (e.g., the `Code` field) that can be used to return an error

> in the `[Method_Name]Response` play a significant role as they can return an error in the response, indicating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the `[Method_Name]Response`. These fields play a significant role as they can return an error in the response, indicating
```

When CometBFT receives a `QueryResponse` with a non-zero `Code`, this code is
returned directly to the client that initiated the query.

> ### ABCI methods `error` return

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### ABCI methods' `error` return
```

> The `error` return, the second object returned in a ABCI method e.g., `(*abcitypes.[Method_Name]Response, error)`, is utilized in situations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `error` return, the second object returned in an ABCI method e.g., `(*abcitypes.[Method_Name]Response, error)`, is utilized in situations
```

involving unrecoverable errors.

> All ABCI methods return errors. An error in any of these methods represents a critical issue that CometBFT

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All ABCI methods return errors. An error returned in any of these methods represents a critical issue that CometBFT
```

> has no reasonable way to handle. If there is an error in one of these methods, the application must crash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
has no reasonable way to handle. If there is an error in one of these methods, CometBFT will crash
```

> to ensure that an operator safely handles the error.
> 
> In such cases, it is recommended that the application be terminated to avoid any further unintended consequences.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to ensure that an operator safely handles the error: the application must be terminated to avoid any further unintended consequences.

As a result, upon detecting an non-recoverable error condition, the application has the choice of either (a) crashing itself (e.g., a`panic` in the code detecting the unrecoverable condition), or (b) returning an error as the second return value in the ABCI method that detects the error condition, known that CometBFT will panic upon receiving that error. The choice between (a) and (b) is up to the application -- both are equivalent -- and depends on whether an application (e.g. running in a different process that CometBFT) prefers CometBFT to crash first.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
